Add pip-api to make hashin work out of the box (#22479)
mozilla/addons-server: docs/topics/development/dependencies.md

We do this because it gives us control over the full dependency chain - we know exactly which version of what package is installed so we can fully reproduce & trust environments.

In order to determine the dependencies a given package requires you can check

```bash
pip show <package-name>
```

To see the `requirements` field which lists the dependencies. Install missing dependencies manually.

```{admonition} Note

> Ensure to document in the requirements file which "main" dependency a "transitive" dependency is required by.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure to comment in the requirements file above transitive dependencies which direct dependency it is required by.
```
?

Reviewer: Although I'm not sure how reliable manually adding the information is.

Author: We have been doing it until now (AFAICS) and probably better to have it than not.. ideally we'd have a pip.lock.py type file to do it for us, but alas.
